DHL Express Carrier Service
All services may not be available in all areas and are subject to the DHL Terms and Conditions as published at www.dhl-usa.com. DHL Rates subject to change without notice. Extra charges may apply. Delivery time and availability may vary based upon origin and destination. All rates are stated in dollars exclusive of sales tax or additional charges at origin, and any duties or taxes at destination.

By default the DHL Express app will display the book rates for the shipment. To see your discounted rates, go to the Account Info tab and enter your DHL Express account number. Immediately the discounted rates will be presented in the customer checkout.

Rate quotes rely on accurate information, which includes the weight of the shipment. The shipment weight is determined by the weight of the products in the customer's shopping cart. DHL Express strives to provide accurate rate quotes to avoid unexpected differences between the rate quote and the shipment invoice, so any shipments that have products with no weight will not return a DHL Express rate quote. To help identify any inventory products that do not have weight information, use our built-in Set Weights tab to quickly identify and set the weight for these products.

If you have a customer on the phone and need an instant rate quote for a single product, we can help! Store admins can obtain a rate quote by using the admin page, selecting a product, then use the app button (the Apps in the upper right of the page) to select Get DHL Rate. Enter in the customer's country, city, and postal code and click Get DHL Rates to get the shipping cost of that product.
